README.md, before:

# GB Basic

GB Basic is a floating-point BASIC interpreter for GameBoy written by Jeff Frohwein. It allows you to write BASIC programs up to 7.4K bytes in length and save them in battery backed RAM. 

It's been converted for use with RGBDS (v4.2). You can find the files this repository was built from here: 

  http://www.devrs.com/gb/files/gbb210.zip


Most of the information in this file came from the GB Basic FAQ page: 

  http://www.devrs.com/gb/files/gbbasic.html

## Uses

If you are interested in robotics or electronics projects, then it could be very useful in controlling an application. It contains a built-in command for controlling up to 8 servo motors along with other useful commands.

## Programming

1. Programs can be entered from the built-in controls. (Even though this is painfully slow.)

2. You can program it from your IBM-PC keyboard using the GB-to-Parallel Port cable and running GB Terminal for DOS.

3. You can download a text file from your IBM-PC using the GB-to-Parallel Port cable and running GB Terminal for DOS.

4. You can use the GB tools on Micah Dowty's web page to transfer basic programs to the Super Smart Card ram. His web page is listed on my 'Other Sites' page.

 5. You can edit programs with [Virtual GameBoy](http://fms.komkon.org/VGB/). The ".sav" file used by VGB saves basic programs when you use the SAVE command in GB Basic. The ".sav" file san be loaded into Super Smart Card ram with SMART.EXE.

6. There is software support for a [rewired Mac 512 Keyboard](http://www.devrs.com/gb/files/gbmac512.gif) that's made from an [unmodified Mac 512 keyboard](http://www.devrs.com/gb/files/mac512.gif).


## License

From the original README:

     GB Basic is distributed as shareware. Which means if you
    like it and regularly use it send me $15US. Prolonged use
    without sending anything is just plain unethical.
    (I've spent MONTHS on this thing. 8)

      Jeff Frohwein
      910 Clinton Ave.
      Huntsville, AL 35801
      USA

Commit message:

moves GBTECH info into README, adds PS/2 and USB keyboard library (not used yet)

README.md, after:

# GB Basic

GB Basic is a floating-point BASIC interpreter for GameBoy written by Jeff Frohwein. It allows you to write BASIC programs up to 7.4K bytes in length and save them in battery backed RAM. 

It's been converted for use with RGBDS (v4.2). You can find the files this repository was built from here: 

  http://www.devrs.com/gb/files/gbb210.zip


Most of the information in this file came from the GB Basic FAQ page: 

  http://www.devrs.com/gb/files/gbbasic.html

## Uses

If you are interested in robotics or electronics projects, then it could be very useful in controlling an application. It contains a built-in command for controlling up to 8 servo motors along with other useful commands.

## Programming

1. Programs can be entered from the built-in controls. (Even though this is painfully slow.)

2. You can program it from your IBM-PC keyboard using the GB-to-Parallel Port cable and running GB Terminal for DOS.

3. You can download a text file from your IBM-PC using the GB-to-Parallel Port cable and running GB Terminal for DOS.

4. You can use the GB tools on Micah Dowty's web page to transfer basic programs to the Super Smart Card ram. His web page is listed on my 'Other Sites' page.

 5. You can edit programs with [Virtual GameBoy](http://fms.komkon.org/VGB/). The ".sav" file used by VGB saves basic programs when you use the SAVE command in GB Basic. The ".sav" file san be loaded into Super Smart Card ram with SMART.EXE.

6. There is software support for a [rewired Mac 512 Keyboard](http://www.devrs.com/gb/files/gbmac512.gif) that's made from an [unmodified Mac 512 keyboard](http://www.devrs.com/gb/files/mac512.gif).

## RAM Assignments

    C000
      RAM used internally by GB Basic
    BOFA
      Beginning of basic file.
    EOFA
      Points to last byte of basic program.
    MATA
      Points to free memory after program
      for next DIM statement. Is modified
      by every DIM statement.
    STB
      Points to first byte of downward
      growing variable storage. Is modified
      by every new variable used.
    MEMTOP
      Last available byte of RAM.

## License

From the original README:

     GB Basic is distributed as shareware. Which means if you
    like it and regularly use it send me $15US. Prolonged use
    without sending anything is just plain unethical.
    (I've spent MONTHS on this thing. 8)

      Jeff Frohwein
      910 Clinton Ave.
      Huntsville, AL 35801
      USA
